Suleiman [ __ ] is a Palestinian journalist who has worked in the field of
journalism for almost 20 years.
The reality of the Palestinian journalist, meaning his coverage of
the events in these spots and this area of ​​the
conflict, is different from the rest of the journalists outside the
Gaza Strip, or the journalists who come to these spots on
the earth because you are covering these events
and these.  Wars, through the nature of your work, your presence, and the
presence of your family, your family, your people, and your loved ones.
Your instability. You, as a journalist, are unstable in a
specific place. The advantages of the work. The logistical services of the work. You
face difficulty in reaching them until you complete
your work. This war. We have lost many colleagues.
We have lost many friends. The last martyr was yesterday.
He is our friend, dear friend, and soul friend,
Muhammad Yaghi, and in the past, Hamza, Samer Abu Daqqa,
Muntaser Al-Sawaf, and many other martyrs. 133
martyrs. Today, the number of journalist martyrs has reached
without any means to stop targeting
journalists and maintain their security and safety in accordance with
international laws and standards that
the world sings about, but without any implementation of this.  You are all
required as a journalist to document the events, the stories, the
targeting, the killing of children, the killing of families, the
targeting of homes in a very difficult way. You are not
able to stop a job because this is your
practical and professional honesty, and also your honesty is that you
want to complete your skills at work. You are accustomed to me
being the source of the news or me answering the news,
but unfortunately  We have become news about the martyrdom of
our colleagues and the injury of a family, our people, and the details of
many colleagues who stopped working. I am telling you that
I am finished. They targeted my family. Of course you are not
listening. We are now filming interviews and
first aid reports in order to answer cases of
martyrs’ injuries. Before the war, everyone was busy with the
beautiful life. We used to film beautiful things.  He became
famous for
photographing beautiful things and drones. The thing
that we used to photograph and it was beautiful. We started seeing it and it was
destroyed. I remember one of the difficult situations. He was one of the
martyrs. Fellow journalists. He was sitting having breakfast
with us an hour and a half later. Suddenly, where is so-and-so,
where is Hamza Al-Dahdouh? Hamza Al-Dahdouh came out, went out
to see his family. I think no, Hamza Al-Dahdouh.  He was martyred in a bombing.
This war has not spared us any soul. I hope that this will
be saved from God as soon as
possible.